Apply suite configuration to tests selected by unique ID (#3694)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/release-notes/release-notes-5.11.0-M1.adoc

* `ReflectionSupport.findFields(...)` now returns a distinct set of fields.

> * The `junit-platform-suite-engine` will now include configuration provided by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `junit-platform-suite-engine` now includes configuration provided by
```
